[docs] misc updates for 1.5 release (#964)
agentgateway/website: content/docs/kubernetes/main/resiliency/connection.md

   metadata:
     name: httpbin-connection
     namespace: httpbin
   spec:
     targetRefs:
     - group: gateway.networking.k8s.io
       kind: HTTPRoute
       name: httpbin
     backend:
       tcp:
         connectTimeout: 3s
         keepalive:
           time: 60s
           interval: 30s
           retries: 5
       http:
         requestTimeout: 30s
   EOF
   ```

   | Setting | Description |
   | -- | -- |
   | `tcp.connectTimeout` | Deadline for establishing a connection to the destination. The value must be at least `100ms`. |
   | `tcp.keepalive.time` | How long a connection stays idle before agentgateway starts to send keepalive probes. The default is `180s`. |
   | `tcp.keepalive.interval` | Time between keepalive probes. The default is `180s`. |
   | `tcp.keepalive.retries` | Maximum number of keepalive probes to send before agentgateway drops the connection. The default is `9`. |
   | `http.requestTimeout` | Deadline for receiving a response from the backend. |

2. Verify the settings in the proxy configuration.

   ```sh
   kubectl port-forward deployment/agentgateway-proxy -n {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/namespace.md" >}} 15000
   ```

   ```sh

>    curl -s http://localhost:15000/config_dump | jq '[.policies[] | select(.policy.backend != null and .policy.backend.tcp != null)] | .[0]'

Reviewer: claude might be able to combine these two commands into one

   ```

3. Optional: Clean up the {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/policy.md" >}}.

   ```sh
   kubectl delete {{< reuse "agw-docs/snippets/policy.md" >}} httpbin-connection -n httpbin
   ```

> [!NOTE]

> > A `backend` policy sets `tcp` and `http` fields only. The `handshakeTimeout`, `http1IdleTimeout`, `http2KeepaliveInterval`, `http2KeepaliveTimeout`, and `maxConnectionDuration` settings belong to the `frontend` section, and apply to incoming connections. For where each policy section can attach, see [Targeting and merging]({{< link-hextra path="/about/policies/target-merge/" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A `backend` policy sets `tcp` and `http` fields only. The `handshakeTimeout`, `http1IdleTimeout`, `http2KeepaliveInterval`, `http2KeepaliveTimeout`, and `maxConnectionDuration` settings belong to the `frontend` section, and apply to incoming connections. For more information on where each policy section attaches to, see [Targeting and merging]({{< link-hextra path="/about/policies/target-merge/" >}}).
```
